<h1 align="center"> :large_orange_diamond: Recommendations :large_orange_diamond: </h1>

:light_bulb: If the outcome of previous campaign is a failure for a customer, it is likely to be same outcome for new campaign. While choosing a customer profile for targeting in direct marketing through contact centre, the variables duration, pdays, euribor3m, month, nr.employed will plan an importance role
:light_bulb: The customers to subscribe the term deposit have high chances if the duration of the call is more than 3 minutes. Hence selling pitch should be focused on being genuine , prepared and empathatic listener. It should showcase benefits of term deposit to customer , should personalize the conversation by using names and mirroring tone, should ask relevant questions .
:light_bulb: The socio-economic variables plays vital role in Portugal economy which influences customers decisions for subscribing to new long term investments. So the bank products must be designed keeping these market/economy influencers in mind.
:light_bulb: Frequency(<3) and mode of contact(=cellular)  is also important factor impacting decision of customer. Hence while initiating campaign , audience list should be prepared and prioritized by considering these factors. 
:light_bulb: The customers who were not contacted during last campaign (prioritized according to above segment list) needed to be targeted in the new campaign along with customers who were contacted more than 6 days before, needs to be contacted again. 
